Cardiff Carnival 25th Anniversary Project.
Interviewer Steve Fletcher.
Interviewee Michelle Leisk.
Today's date is the 20th of October 2015
and the location of the interview is Michelle's Kitchen
which is at Ingle Morgan Street in Canton.
Before we start, Michelle would you be kind enough to spell your name in full for the record?
Okay it's M-I-C-H-E-L-E-L-E-A-S-K.
Thank you very much indeed.
Going back to summers to Cardiff 2014, it was the 25th anniversary Cardiff Carnival
and you and your lovely daughter Rosie took part for the first time. What was it like?
It was fantastic. We had a great day.
We did get very wet because it did rain unfortunately.
However we had great fun and everybody in the streets were cheering us on which was great
because they were all standing there getting wet too but it still went very well.
Of course your carnival story starts with a visit to the carnival camp
which was at Fitz Allen High School.
So you got there, what happened next?
Well we went in, we were very much welcomed by the staff.
We were asked what category we wanted to be in and my daughter chose a category where a friend was
when they were making water. It was to do with water and the sea and so we made costumes of
animals and things and our costumes were very much decorated. It's sea sort of themed.
Were you fish is that right?
We were kind of fish.
We made a good effort to be fish like.
Or mermaids maybe.
Did you have fish like? What was your face paint like on the braid?
Oh it was lovely. We were all kind of bluish with very blue and turquoisey sparkly bits.
So we were all very different faces but all with the same colours.
Blended in and looked very well together.
It sounds smashing. Can you remember what music you could hear on the carnival parade?
Yeah it was all the drums and the carnival atmosphere really and you need that to dance
and get your little routines going and once you're all doing it together and you can hear the drums
of the band. I can't remember what they were called.
That's samba drumming.
Samba drumming yeah.
So many different bands.
Yeah they were great and without that it would have been a lot harder but
you know it really brings the atmosphere together.
That sounds wonderful. Rosie, very bright kid. I always think of her in musical terms
because I know she plays the keyboard and indeed sings in the choir.
How does she take to the actual making which is a different art form as well?
Yeah she enjoys that a lot.
Yeah so sticking doesn't bother her?
No she likes sewing as well which I'm really rubbish at.
Yeah but yeah so she's well into that always making things anyway so she's very creative.
Yeah she enjoys the making.
Obviously gets it from her mother.
Well lovely to hear about your carnival experiences and I think I'm right in saying that
having been in that parade you've joined us Swicker on other occasions including the
grandly named National St David's Day Parade.
Oh that's the best yeah that's great we love that.
We like dressing up as dragons and parading on St David's Day. I'm gonna miss that.
You had headpieces didn't you?
Yeah we had big wings.
Right right right did the wind catch you at all?
No I caught a few people in the crowd.
Pashed a few heads with my wings but yeah it was all okay.
Their lawyers didn't get in touch.
Nobody was fine.
No they didn't get in touch that's fantastic.
Michelle thank you so much for telling us about what it was like to be there at Carnival Number 25.
It was fantastic experience and yeah it's going to be a shame it's not happening again.
Thank you very much indeed bless you.
Thank you.